# boilerplate
Boilerplate refers to the common text that appears on several documents that is generally (1) not specific to the idiosyncratic message of a document and (2) does not communicate much information. For example, on the web, when you visit a website, you develop a habit of ignoring various information on a page, such as the header area, the footer area, some of the advertisements on the sides, and so forth. As a human consumer of content, you are quite good at filtering out this junk information and focusing in on the message of the document, as in, what is the content saying to you. Computers, on the other hand, are horrible at this task. Every piece of content initially looks the same.

The boilerplate module provides for the analysis of an HTML document content and the classification of content as useful and informative or junk. It is basically trying to recreate some of the same *selective attention* mechanisms that you might employ when reading on the web.

This can also be understood as a digital signal processing problem, where the average online document has a low *signal to noise ratio*, and this attempts to increase the ratio by reducing the amount of noise. Here, the typical boilerplate that arrives together with the useful content on a given webpage is the noise.

## TODO
* if utils.js is just one function, name file after the one function, or something that is more specific to it. it is a code smell in the first place, but i am currently of the opinion that using a module-local utils file is fine here.
* if get_text_length is not a simple property accessor style of function, then the get qualifier in the name is misleading, because get denotes simple property access, not some kind of arcane calculation. therefore, this function should be renamed so that it better communicates that an approximation of the length is returned instead of the actual length, and that some unusual processing work is done that is more expensive than a simple property access call. the goal should be to minimize the surprise in the API surface. abstracting away this stuff is misrepresentation and careless. it would be different if the norm, the expected behavior, was that any get invocation could involve calculation, but i do not think that is the norm for this project
